questions :

    interfaces are simply the regular types(byte,struct..) but with extra methods, 
    an interface is like a wrapper around a regular type to add methods to it, so it would be easier to work with that type 

-what's an interface?


-why do we need interfaces? what problem do they solve?
    it helps us to write more flexible and reusable code. as you can write functions that accept 
    any type that implements the interface, rather than having to write separate functions for each type.


-in what way do interfaces help us in Go?
   ~ interface types enable Go to support (value boxing) 
                    value boxing: Boxing is the process of converting a primitive datatype(int,float ..) into an object datatype

    ~through value boxing, (reflection) and (polymorphism) get supported.


-how do we use interfaces?
    ~Value Boxing :
     (check out valueBoxing.go and valueBoxing_2.go  files)
    We can view each (interface value) as a box to encapsulate a non-interface value(like an struct).

    If a type (T) implements an interface type (I),
    then any value of type (T) can be implicitly converted to type (I).
    
    In other words, any value of type T is assignable to (modifiable) values of type I. When a T value is converted (assigned) to an I value,
    
    
    
        When a value is boxed in an interface value,(var box interface{}  n := 5  box = n )
        the value is called (the dynamic value) of the interface value.(5)
        The type of the dynamic value is called (the dynamic type) of the interface value.(int)

           *NOTE: As any type inherently implements all blank interface types,
            so any non-interface value can be boxed in (or assigned to) a blank interface value(interface{}).
            For this reason, (blank interface types) can be viewed as the (any type) in many other languages.


    ~polymorphism: 
    When a non-interface value (t) of a type T is boxed in an interface value (i) of type I interface,
    calling a method specified by the interface type (I) on the interface value (i) will 
    call the corresponding method declared for the non-interface type (T) on the non-interface value (t) actually.
  

    ~Reflection :
    The dynamic type information stored in an interface value 
    can be used to inspect the dynamic value of the interface value 
    and manipulate the values referenced by the dynamic value. 
    This is called (reflection) in programming.

     In Go, built-in reflections are achieved with (type assertions)
    and (type-switch) control flow code blocks.

    ~Type assertion:
        
        2. interface to interface (source interface type implements the destination interface type)
        3. interface to non-interface (non-interface type implements the interface type)
        4. interface to interface - the dynamic type of the source interface value might implement the destination interface type-

    ~type assertion syntax : interface.(Type) [i.(T)] i = asserted value , T = asserted type 
                                                      i = interface value , T = type name or a type literal
-what are frequently used interfaces in go?
